#Test plan for Some User Experience (SUX)

## TABLE OF CONTENTS</br>
Introduction</br> 
Scope</br>
Testing Strategy</br>
   * Unit Testing</br>
   * System and Integration Testing

## **INTRODUCTION**
An app that tests and standardize the results of various accessibility testing APIs. Our target users are people with disabilities and web developers who aim to make accessible website inclusive of all users. Developers can take advantage of our reports to make the appropriate fixes.  

## **SCOPE**
General This section describes what is being tested, such as all the functions of a specific product, its existing interfaces, integration of all functions. 
### Typical Use Case:
1. Our app should allow us to specify which checks we want to run. Say during a bug fixing, we want the ability to turn off certain checks.
2. User enters a URL </br>
   * Need a URL sanitizer (www.google.com == google.com == https://google.com)</br>
   * Verify the URL returns 200 OK before running tests</br>
3. Our app takes the URL and makes API calls to different accessibility testing apps</br>
4. Our app gets responses from those API calls</br>
   * Need an error handler</br>
5. Our app processes those different reports and standardizes a new one that has the common recommendations across the different testing apps</br>
6. Future need: Saving these reports somewhere for machine learning in the future: Possible option: a text/.csv file to a S3 bucket.</br>
### Once we have an MVP and periodically after a new version improvement:</br>
1. Seek input from domain experts for: </br>
   * Project Scope</br>
   * Standardized report output generated by our app</br>
2. Gather thoughts and feedback from our targeted users.</br>


## TESTING STRATEGY 
### Unit Testing Definition: 
We need more details before we can approach unit testing. A simple Python unittest should suffice.
### System and Integration Testing Definition: 
1. Entering a URL and making successful API calls</br>
   * Set up: </br>
        Need a few known websites that we can use to test with. Easily deployable with various options; Tox, Docker, etc. Write our own or copy html from other simple sites and modify.</br>

   * Integration testing:</br>
        Enters a URL and checking that the API calls are made successfully by checking the responses to our API calls. </br>

2. Manually entering reports that the APIs are expected to produce and making sure our standardization is working
   * Set up:
     Save reports from those API calls to be used in this testing. Have an expected final report. We can copy these from initial API calls
   * Integration testing:
     Feed these saves API reports into our standardization feature. Compare the output report to the expected report.

3. Overall Systems Test. Can be used for regression testing too.
A combination of 1 and 2. Enter a known URL and compare the final output report to the expected report.

4. Periodic tests to make sure the APIs are working
Just in case the test apps we use change their reports, we should know and adjust ours accordingly. 
